readme.md, before:

# Maidoru - A 2D Game using Pygame

Welcome to Maidoru, a 2D game built using Pygame. Dive into the world of Maidoru, where you can explore a large map, interact with NPCs, and embark on exciting adventures.

## Getting Started

To get started with Maidoru, follow the instructions below to clone the repository and set up the game on your local machine.

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.x
- pip (Python package installer)

### Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/IRekik/maidoru.git
cd maidoru
```

### Install Dependencies

Install the required Python packages using the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
This will install the necessary dependencies, including Pygame, to run the Maidoru game.

### Running the Game

Once you have cloned the repository and installed the dependencies, you can run the game using the following command:
```bash
python main.py
```
This will launch the Maidoru game, and you can start exploring the virtual world.

### Contributing

We welcome contributions to Maidoru! If you'd like to contribute to the development of the game, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix: git checkout -b feature-name
3. Make your changes and commit them: git commit -m 'Description of changes'
4. Push your changes to your fork: git push origin feature-name
5. Create a pull request on the original repository.

Please make sure to adhere to the coding standards and provide a clear description of your changes in the pull request.

Happy gaming!

Commit message:

Added more conditions for wall checking, explanation in the readme to install and activate venv

readme.md, after:

# Maidoru - A 2D Game using Pygame

Welcome to Maidoru, a 2D game built using Pygame. Dive into the world of Maidoru, where you can explore a large map, interact with NPCs, and embark on exciting adventures.

## Getting Started

To get started with Maidoru, follow the instructions below to clone the repository and set up the game on your local machine.

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.x
- pip (Python package installer)

### Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/IRekik/maidoru.git
cd maidoru
```

### Install and activate the virtual environment `venv`

First, install the virtual environment using the following command:

```bash
python -m venv venv
```

The, activate the virtual environment using the following command:

```bash
source venv/bin/activate
```

It is important to mention that these commands are for a Linux-based OS.

### Install Dependencies

Install the required Python packages using the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
This will install the necessary dependencies, including Pygame, to run the Maidoru game.

### Running the Game

Once you have cloned the repository and installed the dependencies, you can run the game using the following command:
```bash
python main.py
```
This will launch the Maidoru game, and you can start exploring the virtual world.

### Contributing

We welcome contributions to Maidoru! If you'd like to contribute to the development of the game, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix: git checkout -b feature-name
3. Make your changes and commit them: git commit -m 'Description of changes'
4. Push your changes to your fork: git push origin feature-name
5. Create a pull request on the original repository.

Please make sure to adhere to the coding standards and provide a clear description of your changes in the pull request.

Happy gaming!
